Clarification of 'requires occasional support' (#22)
guardian/engineering-performance-framework: README.md

        <li>Breaks down large problems into deliverable tasks.</li>
        <li>Delivers incremental changes frequently, reliably and with consistently good quality (e.g readable code which adheres to team standards).</li>
        <li>Takes responsibility of their code from local testing to supporting it in production.</li>

>         <li>Only occasionally requires supportfrom peers depending on the task, technology and prior experience.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <li>Only occasionally requires support from peers depending on the task, technology and prior experience.</li>
```
